
REACT INTERVIEW QUESTION
 create table  call API with pagination , sorting 
 What is fragment
 code spliting
 render
 
1. solve the game puzzle.
2. to design a form and extract the info in the form of table.
3.What are the different `this` contexts within a browser?
4.difference between var and let closure property,ES6 in javascript?
5.React code test (home) - create a countdown timer animation 2 days is given?
6.I'm asked about developing a cube design and some functionality.
7.How to calculate profit of a certain item?
8.javascript basic concepts like closure, setTimeout, event loop?
9.Task given to me is create a SpaceX Rocket Launch Dashboard from dummy REST API.
10.react question to create a circle on each click and remove bg color of circle when clicked on it.
11.What is the difference between npm and npx?
12.Which you will be given of an array of number and that array has another array inside it. Run function that sum all of the number inside of that array.
13.Gave an assignment regarding creating a to-do app?
14.How redux Saga helps make asynchronous flow easier and what role does Generators have here ?
15.What are the ways to handle Errors in React?
16.Edit a code to count occurrence of char in string.
17.Create an app which uses airtable api around stocks to display in a screen and move to another screen to get details. Do crud operations, and manage state in redux. Along with that a problem to solve around stocks.
18.Coding task -- do an contact app with React and Redux.
19. Q1: You have an array with temperatures: [0, -5, 5, 1, 4, -3]. Return the closest temp to 0. If the array is empty: return 0. If the smallest temperature has a double in negative (3, and -3 per se), return the positive. Write this in Ruby language. Q2: You know how Redux works. We want to see your implementation of combineReducers function.
20.How can you implement Security in React App?
21.1) What type will return the function if an error occurs three. 2) Can be OOP applied to functional language
 3) What difference are between props and state in React? 4) How many threads are in JavaScript? 5) What is redux and its main parts. 
 6) Describe SOLID 7) What is a difference between let, var and const 8) Describe what is a HOC 9) When do we use rebase in git
22.what is the difference between call by reference and call by parameter.
